Move fast enough
Freezer speed
If you don't move, just don't move
If you want to make a move, the river will go against the flow of the mountains and rocks
Will this work?
Hey, okay, let's leave it alone for now
You have time to see the animal world
A pack of hunting dogs surrounds a male lion
You bite me
It's like a tickle
After a long time
The lion becomes the lunch of the hunting dog
Who called him so arrogant?
There's nothing to blame on my head
It's called damnation.
Hahaha
Could you please do an in-depth investigation?
He's not my client.
He's just my client's mother-in-law
He's here to make trouble, why don't you go to him and come to me?
I haven't even met him, what do I call him?
He's your client's mother-in-law
So what did your client do after he got home that caused his mother-in-law to come to the law firm with a grudge?
If you are polite enough
I'm sure the old man won't lose his temper so much.
So are you saying it's my fault?
I'm not polite enough
Tang Lu, your mouth is out of the Xuancheng legal world
I guess that's quite possible
Oh, so you're just guessing.
So when will our judicial department handle a case is only speculation
Don't tell me the evidence?
Guess yours
You tang lu
Pay attention to the tone of your voice
Okay, why don't you just teach me how to be human?
Tang Lu, we are here to investigate today.
It is difficult for us to guide you with your attitude.
It turns out that I have not been instructed or taught